#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
Why are you applying for Financial Aid? (150 words minimum required)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I think that data science is an interesting area nowadays and I want to
 learn data science with the objective of looking for a job in this area.
 Also, I want to get a certificate in this area to see if, in my country
 Colombia, it brings me more possibilities to apply for jobs related to
 Data Science.
 Currently, I work as a "guide", something like "instructor" in programming.
 I have had experience in some projects related to Data Science and I think
 I can become an expert in this area to opt for a more stable and well paid
 job.
 I know some topics in the Data Science specialty, mainly those related
 to programming, but I don't know other topics very well.
 But, to get the certification I need to pass all the courses, and this
 specialization has many courses that are out of my budget and for this
 reason I am requesting this financial support.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\series bold
How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Taking this first course of the Data Science specialization will open my
 mind to see how data can be converted into valuable knowledge and what
 tools can be used to do so.
 It will be an important step in my learning process to go deeper into more
 specific Data Science topics, especially in the methods to be used to transform
 and obtain valuable knowledge from data.
 However, I am aware that I will need more specialized courses, but this
 course is a first step that gives me important knowledge to face the courses
 to come.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I have seen that in my country there are job offers related to Data Science,
 I have a professional degree but it is not related to this area, however,
 I have worked in some Data Science projects and I have knowledge in computer
 programming.This course will expand and complement this knowledge that will
 help me in the near future to propose Data Science projects to companies
 or solve related problems.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
